(light hearted music)
I think I found our target!
There's no mistake.
That's the lost pet.
Let's hurry up and catch it,
that way we can get
him back home quickly!
-Mm-hmm.
(cowering whimper)
(frightened fleeing)
[All] Aww!
I guess it got away, huh?
That's just great.
It's all 'cause
Doushu scared him.
Hey, it wasn't only my fault!
The way that rabbit was acting.
He sure was afraid.
Enko, what's the matter?
(chuckle) Oh, uh, it's nothing!
Really?
Are you sure?
Well, anyway, seems
we don't have worry
about Enko's powers going
out of control this time.
[Both] Hm?
Because of these hands...
Even you guys are...
(shocked gasps)
Now? What bad timing!
A rampage, right now?
Don't worry about me, just...
Get away!
No way! We can't just leave you!
Yeah! Doushu is right!
(losing control yell)
(shocked gasps)
(growling)
(angry roar)
(opening theme music)
-"The Terror! Enko Onikuma"
-(growling)
(suspenseful music)
We've gotta put some
space between us!
Right!
Not good.
We got to stop her.
Yeah. All right!
Let's do this!
(growling)
(gasp)
Now, Doushu! Get her!
I'm on it!
It's no good!
Just use that thing!
Uh, right!
If we keep having to use
the tranquilizer on Enko,
her body won't be able
to handle the stress.
Yeah, but it's the only way.
[Mitsuki] If I recall correctly,
you're harboring a Possession
Type Summoning, aren't you?
It's the Secret Jutsu
of the Onikuma Clan.
But it never went out of control
while we were still in
the Academy, did it?
And your ability has
actually helped us out
quite a bit on our missions.
For some reason, lately
I can't control it.
And your rampages even
got your jonin leader
sent to the hospital,
or so I heard.
I've heard people say
that our new leader
is supposed to be
assigned to us today.
You're Tsuru Itoi,
Doushu Goetsu,
and Enko Onikuma from Team
40, isn't that correct?
[All] Uh, yes, sir!
I'm Captain of the Torture
and Interrogation Corps
Ibiki Morino.
And I've been sent to
replace your injured leader.
Hold on, are you the Mr. Ibiki?
The torture and
interrogation pro.
I've heard it said he's the
Hidden Leaf's number one sadist.
C'mon, an interrogation pro?
I mean, he just looks
intimidating, right?
Ah, I see.
You must be Lord Seventh's son.
Nice to meet you.
Oh, uh, yeah!
Now then, tell me all about
your most recent mischief.
What?
I, uh haven't done
anything of the kind!
What're you doing?
What you're feeling is just
a tenth of my full strength.
It would be quite interesting
to see how much
more you can handle.
Okay! I secretly ate
a bunch of snacks
and hid all the
evidence from my mom!
You barely lasted a second.
So uncool.
But why are you the one
who's being sent to our team?
Hm.
(frightened flinching)
What's wrong?
You scared of me?
Uh, 'course not!
No! That isn't it!
It's sudden, but I'm
disbanding Team 40 immediately.
I'll team up with
Enko moving forward.
(shocked gasps)
W-what do you mean by that?
You two are too afraid to
stop Enko, isn't that correct?
Well, that's...
Seems Enko's skills will be
useful during interrogations.
It won't be a problem if
we have tranquilizers.
But that stuff really
isn't good for Enko!
Somehow, for her sake,
we'll both try to
get over our fears!
I've tortured many
people over the years.
No one can overcome their fears.
But once you get to my level,
you no longer feel fear at all.
(comically frightened)
(frightened, creeped-out)
Enko, I'll be able to
put you to good use.
Come along.
Uh, okay.
If I can be of help, then.
Wait, Enko?
You're kidding, right?
It's all settled, then.
The two of you will
be notified later on
of the new teams that
you're being assigned to.
All right, let's go.
[Tsuru] You don't think
she agreed to go with him
cause she didn't want
to be with us, do you?
No way! Of course not!
It's just, if they
handle her like that,
they're gonna wear her out.
Yeah, I know, but what
else can we do now?
We just need to find a
way to overcome our fear.
But Mr. Ibiki said that no
one can overcome their fears.
He probably just lied to us
because he wants to
use Enko's powers!
Yeah, maybe you're right.
Are you two doing okay?
Hey guys!
After seeing what
happened earlier,
we didn't want to just leave you
to deal with this
all on your own.
Boruto.
If there's anything
we can do to help,
please just let us know!
[Both] Actually...
[Sarada] If you wanna
overcome your fears,
you need to study psychology!
Oh, I get it!
That's good thinking, Sarada!
Well, I just hope
we'll be able to find
some useful tips in this book.
Let's see...
"If one's curiosity is
able to surpass one's fear,
"then it becomes possible to
change fear into enjoyment
"Generally speaking,
"visiting haunted houses
and watching horror movies
"are examples of this growth."
So then what's that mean?
I wonder if maybe that
book could be saying
that you need to start
thinking that fear is fun?
All right!
Let's watch a scary
movie tomorrow!
Tsuru, Doushu, let
your training begin!
"Movie Theater"
(mild stunned gasps)
(terrified gasps)
That was really scary, huh?
Well actually...
It didn't bother me at all.
You're really the only one
who was scared by that.
How's this for the
next one that we try?
"One possible method that
can be used to conquer fear
"is to become so accustomed
to the discomfort
"of the feeling of anxiety
"that your body learns
that it's actually safe
"to experience it."
So does that mean?
To get used to Enko when
she's out of control?
Yeah, if only it was
as easy as saying that!
Although, maybe we can test it
with something that's similar?
Oh, I see.
With something
that's similar, huh?
(upbeat music)
There's a ferocious
beast caged up in here.
Ferocious?
What kind do you mean?
(frightened gasps)
(growling)
You're saying we have
to get used to this?
We have permission to be here.
Don't you guys think
that this is a good
substitute for Enko?
We might get killed before
we can get used to it!
It does seem dangerous.
Should we call it quits?
No way!
Let's go!
We've gotta get Enko
back on our team!
(frightened squeal)
(growling)
(birds chirping)
It's better things turned
out this way, isn't it?
I just, I don't want
them to hate me anymore.
[Ibiki] There you are.
Oh, Mr. Ibiki!
(groans)
Did that even accomplish
anything at all?
I think you're just
supposed to get through it
little by little.
I guess you're right.
We have to do it till
we get used to it.
Huh? What's the matter?
It's just, what Mr.
Ibiki said about
no one overcoming their
fears has been bugging me.
Maybe I'm just over thinking it.
(meow)
Oh, a cat!
It's so cute!
Don't worry, it's okay!
-We're not scary.
-Come on.
Come here, little guy.
(leaping away scared)
What's the deal?
We didn't even do anything,
and it got scared!
What could possibly
be so scary about us?
Your team's former
leader reported
that your thoughts and feelings
have been triggering your
summoning to go out of control.
You've noticed it
yourself, haven't you?
Soon after this Secret
Jutsu was passed down to me,
a friend accidentally saw me.
And they became so afraid.
After that happened,
I put on these gloves so
no one else would see.
And everything seemed okay.
[Ibiki] Tsuru and Doushu saw
your powers during a mission
and became afraid of you, right?
Yes.
I keep remembering the
looks on their faces
when that happened.
Being feared by others leads
to feelings of loneliness.
And that's how
your heart weakens.
So I removed you.
I did it all for your sake.
Don't worry about
your teammates.
I'll make sure they're
assigned to a new team shortly.
Not again!
No!
Please get away!
I can't suppress it.
Just go!
(angry growl)
I just can't stay
here any longer!
Goodbye!
I didn't think she'd go
on a rampage so soon!
[Tsuru] That's Mr. Ibiki!
Gather the unit.
I'll try using a sealing first,
but if that doesn't work,
we're just going to have
to cut off her arms.
Did something happen to Enko?
Oh, it's you.
She's lost control and is
trying to leave the village.
Just wait here.
You can't handle this.
You said you might have
to cut off her arms!
This is really bad!
(dramatic music)
(growls)
She's totally out of control!
Enko.
(aggressive growling)
If you're scared, stay back!
Mr. Ibiki, please
give us a chance!
I'm not sure if we
can do it, but...
No, wait!
We have to!
There's no choice!
Splitting you three up
might've been a
really bad decision.
Listen, Enko's rage is
triggered by her loneliness.
It is?
So, what does that mean?
You two are the cause of it.
Are the two of you okay?
Yes!
(growling)
(roar)
[Both] Mr. Ibiki!
Enko!
(growling)
[Doushu] We selfishly
distanced ourselves from you.
Oh it's so cute.
Don't worry, it's okay!
-We're not scary.
-Come on.
Come here, little guy.
(meow)
(gasp)
What's the deal?
We didn't even do anything,
and it got scared!
You know, back when that cat
got scared of you and me,
it made me really sad.
Hm?
Because of these hands
even you guys are...
You must've felt so
incredibly lonely
when you saw that we
were scared of you.
But honestly, we weren't
even thinking about
how you felt then.
[Tsuru] Now I know that's
what loneliness truly is.
You went with Mr. Ibiki
because he wouldn't be
afraid of you, didn't you?
[Doushu] We didn't
even realize that.
[Both] Well, we're not gonna
let you feel lonely ever again.
Enko!
You two! Get away now!
[Both] Enko!
Please come back!
We're never gonna let you--
Feel alone again,
we promise you that!
(attacking yell)
(inspiring music)
(sobbing)
Sorry for everything.
For being afraid of you.
(sobbing)
Tsuru and Doushu...
I'm sorry as well!
(laughter)
Oh!
Here!
This is yours.
You wouldn't completely
be you without it, Enko.
(chuckles)
Thank you.
(laughter)
When people are feared,
they feel lonely.
Mr. Ibiki.
Enko's heart was weakened
because of loneliness.
That is the reason she
couldn't control herself.
But, you know, thanks
to you two guys,
I was able to get things
under control again.
Thank you so much for that!
[Unison] Aww, Enko!
So, being lonely
because people fear you.
Was that the case
with you, Mr. Ibiki?
Who can say?
(scared whimper)
(growling)
Look, it's trapped!
Let's help!
(attacking roar)
(frightened squeal)
All right!
Enko!
(chuckle)
(laughing)
(proud chuckle)
You see?
Don't be scared!
You're so cute!
The mission's complete,
but don't breathe easy,
since Team 40's
under my leadership.
Got it?
[Unison] Yes, sir!
Guess it's not scared
of Ibiki Sensei either.
Hey, do something here, will ya!
You look so sweet
holding it, Ibiki Sensei!
(chuckles/laughter)
(closing theme music)
Hey, Inojin, is something wrong?
Huh? Why?
Well, I mean, you didn't
even call me "Chubs" earlier!
Something is bothering you
deep down inside, isn't there?
I was just thinking
about something
that I need to
grow as a shinobi.
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"The Mind Transfer Jutsu
that Lost to Potato Chips"
I've decided!
I'm going to master the
Mind Transfer Jutsu!
(closing theme music)